Jason, do you want to tell us about your
new favorite podcast? Oh, it's so good.
My feed is now because, you know, since
cancel culture ended, Sachs, everybody
uses the R word and the f word right
now. My entire feed on Instagram is
either gay or down syndrome or bulldogs.
It's one of those three. And then I
stumbled upon the Miss Thing pod,
Miss Thing. And they do a bit called gay
name, straight name. Here's gay name or
straight name for David. This good news
and bad news freeird. Here we go.
>> Gay name or straight name?
>> David.
>> David to me is straight.
>> Okay. But he has my perfect body. It can
be confusing because I'm kind of like,
are you gay? And it's like, no, I just
want to be you, David.
>> Totally. Well, it's so like the
Michelangelo's David the male ideal.
It's like incredible body kind of small.
Sorry.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh,
>> it's a little rough.
>> What?
>> What are you watching there, Jal?
>> They basically nailed these two, but
okay, keep going.
>> I don't think Chimoth is on their short
list, but I know Jason will come up at
some point.
>> Gay name or straight.
>> Maybe this is it.
>> Chimoth
on the count of three. Yeah.
>> Three, two, one. gay. I'm seeing like
Italian sweater, like really kind of
like a loud vibrant sweater. He like
wears it to like poker night with his
like his boys and like not I'm not
talking like straight poker. I'm talking
like gay poker nights like at the bar.
>> Yeah. Always talking about wine.
>> Talks about wines.
>> Always sort of like
Yeah, exactly.
>> Yep. Also, it's so like the guy at the
gym taking off his shirt, taking
selfies.
>> Yeah. And everyone else is kind of like,
"Excuse me, Chimoth. I'd like to use the
mirror. I'd like to see myself.
>> See you at the next day." Poker night.
>> Totally.
>> You bring the wine.
>> We'll bring the sweater.
>> Yeah,
>> there it is. Wow. They did do.
>> That is fantastic. That is fantastic. A
shout out to my guys at the Miss Ding
podcast.
>> Wow, that was awesome. I think I'm gay.
I never knew.
>> Let your winners ride.
>> And it said we open sourced it to the
fans and they've just gone crazy with
it.
>> What did you do like cameo? Did you pay
them to do that?
>> Did it for me as a favor. So they did it
for
>> That's awesome. Well, thanks to those
guys to the miss. I've seen those guys
before in clips. I find them very funny.
>> It's so great. Shout out to my guys.
>> That was awesome.
>> All right, everybody. Seriously, welcome
back to the number one podcast in the
world. It's the All-In podcast with me
again, David Freebergia, David Saxs, and
of course, I'm Jason Calcanis. You can
call me Jay Cal if you're here for the
first time. Topic one, open AI. They
missed their targets for chat GPT
Freedberg both on users and revenue.
Let's talk about it. The Wall Street
Journal says in a uh a breaking
investigative report on Tuesday that
OpenAI expected to hit 1 billion wows
weekly active users before the end of
2025. They missed that and they still
haven't hit the milestone 4 months into
2026. Also, Chamath, they missed their
2025 revenue target for Chad GPT. Exact
number wasn't specified, but as we've
talked about here, they're at a 2030
billion run rate. There's a little bit
of accounting nuance that is yet to be
worked out in the industry. Two reasons
why this matters. Sachs, OpenAI has $600
billion in spending commitments for
compute. Just to put that in
perspective, that's about what they're
trading for on secondary markets. In
other words, the entire value of the
Open AI enterprise equals their spend
commitments in the coming year. CFO
Sarah Frier, who is coming to liquidity,
is reportedly worried, hey, that revenue
isn't growing fast enough to keep up
with expense and OpenAI wants to IPO
later this year. This has put Frier and
Oughtman in conflict or uh maybe there's
some natural tension there. Frier
doesn't think OpenAI is ready for public
reporting standards. According to the
Wall Street Journal, Altman obviously
wants to move faster, so they released a
joint statement. this is ridiculous yada
yada yada. Let's go to you Saxs. What do
you think's going on here? Are these
major headwinds or is this just managing
expectations as the leader of the pack
in the most important race of our
lifetimes, the race towards super
intelligence?
>> Well, I actually have a little bit of a
contrarian take on this. I know that
OpenAI had a really bad week. Like you
said, they had that Wall Street Journal
article which said that they missed
their numbers. They missed their 1
billion user growth target. They missed
their revenue numbers. That's called
into question whether they can afford
the data center commitments that they've
made. And then in addition to that,
they've also had the lawsuit with with
Elon happening this week. So in the
press, it ended up being I think a
pretty bad week for them. But I have a
contrarian take on this, which is I
think that over the past week or two, if
you look at kind of what's happening at
the product level, it's been a pretty
good couple of weeks for them. They
released chat GBT 5.5 and the reviews
from, you know, people I talked to in
Silicon Valley have been really strong.
You talk to developers, coders, they're
very happy with it. At the same time,
Opus 4.7, which is the latest anthropic
release, appears to be a bust. People
are complaining about it. They're in a
lot of cases are rolling back to 4.6.
They're saying that Opus 4.7 is
rationing compute. It's reducing
thinking time, not as good. there were
some bugs and clawed. So if you just
compare chat GPT 5.5 to Opus 4.7, it
does appear that OpenAI has had a better
couple of weeks on a product level. And
I think there's reason to believe that
the product improvements will continue.
GPT 5.5 is based on a new base model
called Spud, which is the first base
model upgrade they've done in I don't
know over a year. and having a new base
model will pave the way for future
improvements as well. So I think OpenAI
is feeling pretty optimistic about their
product right now and I think you're
starting to see on X some of the
developer mojo is shifting. I'm seeing a
lot of people saying that they are
shifting their their coding usage from
Opus to GPT 5.5.
So I think that SAM may end up being
right but for the wrong reason. And what
I mean by that is that when he made
these big compute commitments, it was
based on those estimates of hitting the
billion users on the consumer side and
hitting those revenue targets. The
consumer business ended up being weak.
So they missed those targets. But in the
meantime, coding has become the
allimportant sector of AI. And because
they made all these compute commitments
and they built out these data centers,
they have more compute than anthropic
right now. Anthropic is token
constrained. It's reducing their ability
to serve mythos, for example. It's
causing them to engage in compute gating
with Opus 4.7. And I understand why
Daario made that decision. I'm not
saying I mean it was a prudent business
decision. I'm not criticizing him for
it, but I think again I think Sam may
end up being right here for the wrong
reason, which is he missed on consumer,
but enterprise is going gang busters and
is giving him the ability now, I think,
to catch up on code. your poly market
>> which is the all important market right
now
>> of course and we talked about gro and
cursor teaming up last week Elon and the
team over there poly market showing now
a 32% chance that openai goes public by
the end of 2026 this is down from 60% in
December and Shimath you gave a bit of a
warning hey there's only so many dollars
to go around SpaceX IPO is obviously
getting out first and now if openai
doesn't go out this year and anthropic
does the sets up an interesting dynamic.
What are your thoughts here generally
speaking about the massive commitment
that OpenAI has made? Are they going to
run off the cliff or will it wind up
being brilliant? Uh even if it wasn't
strategically for the exact reasons,
>> I think they're going to be fine. I
think this is a multi-t trillion dollar
company. I think Anthropic is a multi-
trillion dollar company. I think the
thing that's happening right now is uh a
complete misunderstanding
of what's actually happening
inside of the world of AI. And there is
one very specific choke point
that is constraining everything which is
access to the power that's necessary to
drive these tokens. To the extent that
open AI missed, I think what that is is
an insight to not enough compute
capacity today. And that problem is only
getting worse. You've already seen that
with Anthropic as well where they just
found a way to economically induce
Amazon to give them enough capacity so
that you don't have to route through
bedrock to get to the anthropic models.
You're also seeing them do
differentiated deals now with economic
participation on top of what they
already had from folks like Google to
give them more capacity. What is my
point? Everything in this market is
power constrained. The reason that these
folks may miss a number or a forecast
have nothing to do with demand. It is
entirely 100% due to the supply of the
power necessary to generate the output
token. There is a really interesting
thing that was just announced today that
will make this problem even worse, which
is what you're starting to see now is
backlogs build up of not just the access
to the power, but then the componentry
that's actually necessary. Not just
resips and not just NAT gas turbines,
but now you're talking about
transformers and all the actual tactical
grid infrastructure.
Why is this important? If you look at
the actual amount of gigawatts that are
under construction, we have a huge
mismatch now,
people have announced all these
projects, Jason,
but less than half of it is actually
being built. Less than half. Most of it
is stuck in red tape.
Most of that is because there are these
supply chain delays. So there's no
credible strategy to turn any of this
stuff on. Who will this hurt? It will
hurt Anthropic and OpenAI the most. Who
will this benefit? It will benefit the
hyperscalers, specifically Oracle,
Amazon, Meta, Microsoft, and Google. And
now what you're going to see is a
negotiation and a trade back and forth.
How much equity do I have to give up?
How much control do I have to give up to
get access to the compute versus how
badly will I miss my growth forecasts if
I don't? And now what that means is, and
we spoke about this last week, that's a
huge lane for Grock to just run through
and SpaceX to run through cuz they have
a ton of excess capacity. And so I think
the cursor deal was the appetizer. But
if I were Elon now, I'd be running all
over this market because if the models
catch up in quality, I think he could
also do something really crazy with
anthropic or open AI right now. Maybe
not open AI because of the
>> we'll get into the lawsuit in a bit
>> the baggage.
>> Yeah.
>> But man, he and Dario should do a deal
tomorrow.
>> So you're framing, hey, the the limited
resource here is compute. The demand is
off the charts.
>> No, the limiting resource is power.
power which then powers compute which
then provides tokens which then services
the massive uh developer and co-work and
all these other projects that consumers
and enterprises can't get enough of. Got
it.
>> And Jason, the other factor that
complicates that for anthropic and open
AI is all the stuff that's sort of
sitting around thumb twiddling. 40% of
that is going to get cancelled because
they've done such a poor job of creating
a good positive halo around AI that 40%
of all the announced projects get
cancelled because 40% of all projects in
the last four years have been cancelled.
Yeah. And there's there there are some
bad feelings about data centers, AI,
jobs, etc. And that's causing some
headwind. People are you literally doing
violent things in society and blaming
data centers and AI for it. I don't want
to give it too much air time. Freeberg,
what's your take on the chessboard we're
looking at here? Either through compute,
energy or through going public on a
business level, you know, the strategic
nature of capital, compute and energy
now playing a role in this massive
amount of demand. still a ball in the
air kind of game. BCG had this theory, I
think I talked about this once before,
called the rule of three where they've
shown time and again that any stable,
mature, competitive market evolves to a
4:21
ratio of market share for basically 90%
of the market. So there's a market
leader that has four times the market
share of the second place, that's two
times the market share of the third
place. This is the case in pretty much
every mature kind of competitive market.
So you can kind of think about AI
probably evolving into a consumer market
and an enterprise market. Open AAI, even
if they're not at a billion, they're
still at 900 million weekly users, which
is well ahead of whatever Claude is at.
I think Claude is like probably subund
million sacks, you may know. And then
Gemini is probably closer to them at 700
to a billion somewhere in that range.
Probably pretty neck and neck with open
AI. So, you know, the consumer market
looks like it's trending towards a chat
GPT/Google
fight for first place and second place
and then probably anthropic in third
place and maybe Elon emerges and takes
off enabled by his compute capacity and
then the enterprise market is a little
bit of a different story and that's its
own market which is kind of anthropic or
probably Google in the lead actually if
you look at all the vertex use. Google
claims that 75% of GCP customers are
active users of Vertex. So there's
probably a pretty sizable
market share that Google's captured on
the enterprise side as well. This is
also probably why Google stock has
absolutely ripped over the last couple
of months is they're literally in first
place or fighting for first place in
enterprise and consumer.
But I still think that there's a lot of
opportunity to Chimoff's point about the
compute and energy capacity constraints
in improving how we actually scale and
deploy models in both the enterprise and
the consumer setting. And it is such
early days and I just want to highlight
this paper that came out from MIT from
these two scientists and these guys
published a paper on pruning techniques
and neural networks. This paper showed
that you could actually reduce the size
of these networks by 90%.
And get the same accuracy out by pruning
very large models down to smaller
models. And then you can make a
selection on which model to run for
inference. And by doing this, you can
actually reduce inference costs by 10x.
You can get 10x the output per energy
unit that goes into the data center with
no loss of accuracy. And so it's a
really interesting call it algorithmic
technique that can be applied to the
existing large models to actually make
them much lower energy use. So if you
think about it, you're firing up a very
large model to answer a very simple
question. You can actually prune away
that model. Now this is probably going
to be the case in AI applications as it
is in traditional Google search. There's
a long tale of searches, but there's a
few searches that account for a large
percentage of search volume. It's like
what is the weather? What are the movies
times? You know, what's the stock price?
Like there's a certain set of things
that make up the bulk of consumer
energy. And there's probably a certain
set of things that probably make up the
bulk of coding output as well. And so if
you can get that 80% of searches or chat
interfaces or coding requests reduced
down through pruning techniques to
smaller models and then you have a whole
set of smaller models that can be called
dynamically and you reduce inference
cost by 90%. you can make much more use,
call it 10 times the use on data center
and energy capacity than we can today.
So I would argue that we're still in the
very early days of getting efficiency in
terms of output and tokens and we're
just in the very kind of early stage of
that which also unlocks the opportunity
for guys like Elon to reinvent how this
is done and potentially compete pretty
aggressively.
>> There are two ways to win. You could
throw compute at it or you can do SLM's
small language models and V SLM's
verticaliz small language model. So if
you had a verticalized small language
model for the weather, let's say that
doesn't exist, but uh you can you can
use it as an example. They will have one
for travel as an example. When you hit
Google for flight information, it's
obviously going to route you to
something lighter and faster that uses
Google flights. And Google flights has
been incor incorporated into Gemini.
Gemini now is right behind 700 750
million users
>> and it's exactly what we discussed I
don't know 18 months ago on this podcast
Freeberg that what if they put it at the
top
>> and what would that do to their search
revenue search revenue is surging and
they're also surging so they figured out
a way to balance those two competing
forces having search results that are AI
enabled and still getting people to
click on links they've done it
brilliantly apparently and the stock is
rewarding.
>> I'll just add one statement to what you
said, which is like you're using what I
would call a humanistic on
humans don't intuitively know what this
model is. It's not just a verticalized
model, but there are going to be models
that will be discovered through
automated pruning techniques that will
then be working in concert. So, lots of
small models that link together. And we
don't define each model by some human
heristic like this is a search travel
model.
>> This is a maps model. We don't we don't
know why these models work the way they
do when they get broken down. But I do
think that that's really where the
evolution is happening. So effectively a
model becomes a macro model. It's got
lots of smaller models underneath it
that can be dynamically called and that
allows you to have 10x the inference for
the same unit of energy.
>> Sax,
>> let me just build on your point about
Google. Jcal, I would say that if
there's a single reason why OpenAI did
not hit its user targets and its revenue
targets, certainly around consumer,
you'd have to say it's because Google
managed to take meaningful share, you
know, they were basically nowhere a year
or so ago. Sergey came out of
retirement, helped focus the company,
and like you said, they did a brilliant
job improving Gemini and putting it at
the top of search, incorporating it.
Now, that being said, again, I don't
think the news is all bad for OpenAI
because I do think that the 5.5 release
was great. We're hearing really good
things about Codeex. I do think that
Codeex is taking share in coding tokens
right now. And I just think we're in a
really interesting place where these
companies are constantly oneuping each
other. I mean, two weeks ago it looked
like Anthropic was going to be
completely dominant, right? I mean,
Anthropic was growing at 10x. Open AAI
was growing at 3x and it looked like
>> and then the servers started going down.
Did you see that this week? The server
going down. People were in my office
were complaining we can't get on claud.
>> Listen, competition brings out the best
in everyone. Anthropic forced open AI to
compete. Google's forced open AI to
compete in consumer. I just hope the
market stays competitive for as long as
possible. I do think that's what's best
for consumers, our economy, and for our
country overall. Let me just say one
other area where I think OpenAI had a
good week is in this red-hot area of
cyber. Obviously, Anthropic made a huge
splash with Mythos. It hasn't been
commercially released. Their compute
constraint, but as a proof of concept or
training model, it hit a new level of
capabilities with cyber. But now OpenAI
has released a new model called GPT 5.5
cyber which has just been through a
bunch of tests and they've shown this
was testing done by the AI security
institute that GPT 5.5 is the second
model to complete one of their
multi-step cyber attack simulations end
to end. So it has the same level of
capability as Mythos and it does appear
to be commercially
ready. You know, they've got the compute
to serve it. So I do think that that's a
big accomplishment. I mean, look, we
knew that other cyber models were
coming. It wasn't just going to be
Mythos. In fact, within 6 months or so,
all the Frontier models are going to
have Mythos level cyber capability. But
it's impressive that OpenAI got this GPT
5.5 cyber out. so quickly and I think
5.5 might be the first cyber model that
cyber defenders actually get to use
because again I don't think they're as
compute constrained as anthropic is
>> and this is an incredible opportunity
you know for the crowd strikes and
PaloAlto networks of the world both of
which have been on the program they come
out and they start attacking this space
man you could really
see everything get tightened up and this
could be an incredible revenue stream
for everybody who's got whether it's
cursor claude or open eye or Gemini.
This is an amazing opportunity to
tighten up as much as it is to get
attacked.
>> Can I make a point about that? Cuz look,
there is so much fear right now almost
the level of panic about mythos. People
are treating it like a doomsday weapon
or something like that. It's not. is
simply that the frontier models have
reached the point where they're capable
of automating cyber activities just like
they're capable of automating coding.
But that means that a model could power
up a cyber attacker or cyber defender
the same way they can power up a coder
and allow them to discover a lot more
vulnerabilities. So there is obviously a
risk there. But I think it's important
to understand that Mythos or GPT 5.5, it
doesn't create the vulnerabilities. It
just discovers them. The bugs were
already in the code. They were sitting
there waiting for some hacker to
discover. If we can now use AI to find
these bugs in advance, these
vulnerabilities and patch them, then you
actually harden our infrastructure and
and you harden our security. I also
believe that this leap from let's call
it preAI cyber to post AAI cyber it's
going to be I think a big one-time
upgrade cycle because again you're going
to find all these dormant bugs and
vulnerabilities but I think that once we
get past that upgrade cycle you're going
to reach a new equilibrium between AI
powered cyber offense and AI powered
cyber defense it's going to become a lot
more normal it's not going to feel like
this huge disruption which is to say I
think you know people are treating this
as like some existential threat. I don't
think it is as long as everyone does
what they're supposed to do, which is
use the new capabilities to harden their
code bases and infrastructure and
security before the hackers get a hold
of these capabilities.
>> Yeah. And if Chimath, if you were to
look at this to build on Sax's point,
there are about 5 million or so security
experts in the world. We talked about
token cost. 40 hours of tokens just
pounding it, you know, a week. You could
create another five million for a
hundred dollars per chief security
officer per security expert. So it's the
volume of security expert agent saxs to
your point. Yeah. You could have 50 50
million of them 100 million of them.
They're not finding something unique.
They're just they never sleep. They're
relentless in their pursuit of these
problems. It's a really great point.
>> Just kind of just refine that. So yeah,
there's probably 5 million people in the
cyber industry, but there's probably
only a few thousand really elite
hackers.
>> Sure,
>> those hackers didn't have the time to go
after the entire surface area of every
possible attack vector out there. And so
if you train a model to do what they do,
obviously, like you said, it can operate
with a scale and speed that a human
hacker can't. So obviously, you know,
what you need to do is get these tools
in the hands of the white hats, let them
do the cyber attacks themselves to then
find the vulnerabilities and patch them
before the black hats get a hold of
these capabilities. But I think it's
just just one last point on this, I'll
stop. It's just it's really important to
understand that the Chinese models are
going to have these capabilities within
approximately 6 months.
>> Oh, they have them now in Deep Seek 4
for sure. They've got some level. Well,
no. Deepc4, I mean, Dec 4 is impressive
in a lot of ways, but its capability is
not at the frontier. It's maybe 80 80
85%. Let's call it the American
frontier.
>> Chimoff, you wanted to get in on this.
Let's get Chim in.
>> Two things. The reason that this is even
possible is because humans are
errorprone and when humans code, they
create holes. And so, humans exploiting
humans is where we've been for a long
time. Now we have computers exploiting
humans because the computers go and seek
out all these bugs that humans wrote.
In the next phase it'll be machines
versus machines.
And so I think the nature of cyber is
going to completely change. Probably in
the next five or six years there'll be
so much reason to rewrite all of the
software that runs the world.
In one part because you're going to be
asked to show more operating leverage
and revenue growth, but in another part
because everything else that was
handmade in the past is just
fundamentally insecure. Either way, all
roads will lead to all the operational
software that runs the world will get
rewritten. More and more of it will be
written by machines. More and more of it
will be impregnable as a result. But
then the cyber threat actually will only
increase because then you're going to
try to figure out how to use a machine
to inject something into another machine
so that some agentic loop inject some
malware or injects a bad token. And I
think that's a very complicated thing.
What I will tell you is
I'm not even sure if I'm allowed to say
this, but
a very good probably the best cyber
security company in the world run by one
of the very best CEOs in the world who
may or may not be speaking at liquidity
would tell you that they have penetrated
and can essentially
manipulate every model. Let me just let
me just say it roughly that way.
>> Okay, perfect. Yeah. And I uh at the
breakthrough prize uh which three of the
four of us were at I talked to George
Kurtz the other person you were kind of
describing was not that
>> sitting beside Nash. Yeah I'm talking
about
>> Nash and George are the two guys leading
this Palo Alto Networks Crowd Strike and
they understand the what George told me
was there is just a line out the door of
people who want this product or service.
And if you look at it, Freeberg, like
the murder rate, like we're sitting here
with the lowest murder rate in the
history of humanity. It has gone down
massively in our lifetimes, but
massively over the arc of history. I
think that's what's going to happen with
cyber. There is only so many attack
vectors, and the remaining attack
vectors are just going to be human
factors, right, Freeberg? That's always
been the case. And as we make the
software more resilient, then the the
weak link is, you know, the secretary
who puts her post-it note, you know,
with the password there or the
accountant who, you know, uses their
dog's name plus one, two, three for
their password, right? That's the the
historical one. Okay, let's any anything
you want to add, Free Bird, as we wrap
there? Oh, that's
>> Why is your bed so messy, by the way?
Why can't you just ask the room service
to come in?
>> Listen, I'll tell I can tell you what
happened. Listen, I'm here in Atlanta.
And also, why don't you have a suite
like where there's two rooms? Like, is
it just one room? This hotel only has
one.
>> It's just one room. Yes.
>> You know, either you're cheap or poor.
Which one is it? I'm cheap. Here's I'll
tell you what. Here's a situation. I'm
in Atlanta for the Knicks game tonight.
>> You're in one room.
>> Here's what I do. I just want to explain
to you value for value. Some people
spend their money on private jets and
they spend $30,000 flying to Atlanta. I
spend 30,000 on courtside seats. I don't
want the suite. I want to put it into
the seat side.
>> You can do both. I guess I could do
both, too. I don't I'm I'm in the
process of becoming
>> I don't understand
>> of embracing my richness. Okay.
>> If you've already convinced yourself
that you should spend $30,000 for
courtside tickets, which I think is
outrageous, but okay. You've already
convinced yourself like 10k each, but
yeah. Yeah.
>> A hotel room that has two rooms. Okay.
>> Probably cost 15% more than what you're
paying.
>> It's 2x, but yes, you're right.
>> I'll get the I'll get the hotel room. 20
or 20% more, but you room like 200 bucks
a night. So you pay 400 a night. You get
another hotel.
>> I mean it's it's Atlanta. The most I'm
in the best hotel the most expensive
hotel is 500 a night in Atlanta. It's no
big deal. But everything's sold out
because all the Knicks people are coming
here.
>> So you're selling me double that would
have been a thousand and you couldn't
spend,000.
>> Everything is sold out because the
Knicks are here.
>> So we have to look at your dirty beds.
>> It's gross.
>> The bed's not that dirty. Come on. Just
deal with it. Okay. Take it out and
post.
>> I have a private jet story about flying
to Atlanta.
>> You reminded me. Okay. So yeah, there
was some event there. So I I flew my
team there, you know, there's a few
people on my plane and it's kind of a
long flight. Was it like 4 hours or
something
>> from the back? Yeah.
>> Yeah. So I went in the back to to sleep.
Well, first, you know, we we started the
flight and I had a few bottles of Papy
Van Winkle on on the plane. And so we
started off with like a drink and then I
went in the back and and fell asleep and
I woke up basically when we landed.
>> So I come out and like all three bottles
are basically cashed of like Happy Van
Wink.
>> Oops. Those were like two grand a
bottle.
>> No, no, they're more. These were like
antique bottles. Like one of them was
>> I have one of those from your plane. I
have one of those from the old Falcon.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. They were like these vintage
>> $4,000. I remember. Yeah.
>> Anyway, you can't even find this [__]
anymore. So these guys, they asked me
like when we land like, "Hey, Sax, how
much did it cost for you to fly us to
this event?" And I said, "Well, about
$8,000 in jet fuel and about $12,000 of
Happy Van Winkle."
Well, you gota you got to fuel the the
vibes as well as the plane. It's uh
>> Is Atlanta nice? I've never really
>> Do those people still work for you or
are they are they uh
>> they called in Atlanta? Um is Atlanta
nice? Listen, last year I went to the
Detroit games and that city was on the
rebound. Atlanta has an incredible
opportunity to rebound. I'll say it that
way. There's a great opportunity for
them to upgrade the city. I I went to
Waffle House at midnight last night.
There was no shootings. Okay, let's keep
moving. By the way, do you get royalty
points at the Best Western Atlanta or
No,
>> I get double points because I use my
Best Western uh Visa card. Yeah, it's
everywhere you want it to be. All right.
Use the promo code Jcal and get a
thousand extra points. In other Open AI
news, Musk versus Alman, the trial of
the century or maybe the decade has
started. Elon is of course accusing Open
AI of breach of charitable trust, unjust
enrichment. He's accusing Open AAI of
essentially flipping a nonprofit into a
for-profit. He's seeking 150 billion in
damages that they revert back to a
nonprofit that Alman and Brockman be
removed. And there were some fireworks
between Elon and the Open AI lawyers.
Elon kind of leveled up the discussion.
He said, quote, "If we make it okay to
loot a charity, the entire foundation of
charitable giving in America will be
destroyed. That's my concern."
Obviously, there's a ton of interesting
nuances here. Specifically, Greg
Brockman keeping a diary where he was
journal maxing his plans uh like a Bond
villain here. And uh the excerpts from
his diary include conclusion, we truly
want the BC Corp. The true answer is
that we want Elon out. If 3 months later
we're doing BCorp, then it was a lie.
Can't see us turning this into a
forprofit without a nasty fight. I'm
just thinking about the office and we're
in the office and this story will
correctly be that we weren't honest with
him. In the end, it's still about
wanting a for-profit just without him.
yada yada yada. Freeberg, your thoughts
on this case? Is Elon going to win? I
just don't know why Greg Brockman's got
a freaking diary where he's like
literally documenting. I mean, I love
the guy, but what the [__] is he
thinking? Like, you're just sitting here
at home and like, let me write about the
the crime I'm committing or let me write
like and let me record it. And by the
way, let me never delete it. I don't
understand this.
>> It's not just journal maxing. It's
discovery maxing.
>> It's smoking gun maxing.
>> I don't get it. I don't get it, man.
>> I mean, do you guys remember from the
wire in that scene where the guy's like,
"Is you taking notes on a criminal
conspiracy?"
He's got everybody in the room. Can we
play that clip? It's like,
>> "What are you doing, Greg? [__] is you
taking notes on a criminal conspiracy?
What the [__] is you thinking, man?
>> If you're going to commit a crime, you
do not write down the date and time of
the crime in your journal.
>> Well, look, we don't know it's a crime.
Let's not.
>> Okay, sure.
>> A crime, but yes, you keeping
shenanigans. Jamat, do you keep a diary?
>> What do you think, Juel? Do you keep a
diary?
>> I I believe ruminate. No, I'll tell you
right now, rumination is the path to
unhappiness. Nobody gives a [__] about
your feelings. Writing your feelings
down is only going to make you
miserable. Talking to your spouse about
your feelings.
>> Just go to a beautiful dinner, sit
courtside at the next, and do what I've
been doing for 30 years.
>> [__] maxing.
>> [__] maxing. And the register goes up.
All you have to do is work. Start new
projects. Nine out of 10 foul. Place
nine out of 10 bets. One wins and you're
golden. Go sit courtside at the Knicks
game.
>> Keep going. Life's too short.
>> And just keep moving forward. Don't
write anything down. Period. Full stop.
>> It's good advice. Yeah, I just The
biggest surprise to me was this guy's
got a diary. I just I don't know anyone
that has a diary. I've never heard of
this. So anyway, that was shocking.
Besides that, I have no view on what's
going to happen with the case or what
the judge will do.
>> I have no comment on the case either. I
think it's weird that Poly Market hasn't
budged even as all of this discovery has
been published. It's effectively at 42
or 43% that Elon wins. So, one of the
friends in our group chat said what may
just happen is that Elon technically
wins and he's just credited back the $40
million. And so, maybe that's what this
poll is front running.
But on a totally separate note, I think
Jason, I know you say it as a joke, but
this idea of just keep moving forward,
don't ruminate, I think is very good
general life advice for everybody to
follow.
>> The modern-day therapy industrial
complex and the medication industrial
complex, I believe, is
>> around rumination. Well, it does pivot
around rumination.
>> Yes.
>> That is the gateway drug to all these
things.
>> Yep. Talk about your problems.
You know, when these people go to
therapy, you ever hear these people?
Howard Stern's like, "I've been in
therapy with the same person 2 or three
days a week for 40 years." I'm like,
"Okay, what's the incentive for the
therapist to stop charging you $1,200 an
hour? There is none." Then they lose a
revenue stream. They lose a customer.
It's all a giant [__] fraud. Facts.
Uh, in terms of this case,
>> I wouldn't go that far. I do think that
there's a lot of value in kind of
untying some of these Gordian knots that
people have because of how they grew up.
But there's a difference between that
and being specific and just randomly
ruminating cuz I don't think there's a
lot of productive.
>> You've got an acute issue like in trauma
in your life. Yeah, sure. Unpack it,
figure it out. I'm just talking about
this neverending self-improvement,
you know, ruminating thing. Uh but
getting back on topic here, Saxs,
what's the And we're we're talking about
a jury, I believe, in Oakland.
>> No, but it's a bench trial. This is
important. It's a bench trial where the
jury is advisory in capacity,
>> but ultimately that judge, she will make
the final call
>> and she'll do the damages. And so, is
this a case sacks of like we've got a
Bay Area jury judge and we've got Elon
who's considered, you know, a bit
right-wing and people don't all agree in
that area in terms of his politics. And
then you have this Sam Alman New Yorker
story and people finding out that so
many different people feel they got
screwed by him. You put these two things
together, it's impossible to handicap
where this turns out. Sachs, your
thoughts?
>> Well, yeah, I don't think this is about
politics. I mean, I guess you could
argue that what Elon is seeking, which
is to protect the charity, is if
anything a left-coded sort of principle,
although I don't really think it's left
versus right. Look, I don't want to take
sides on this trial. I'm just watching
like everyone else. The last time I
weighed in on some Elon litigation, I
got deposed for six hours. Remember
that? Cuz they just assume that somehow
I know something,
>> right?
>> I've never talked to Elon about the
case. I don't know anything about it.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm going to see what happens like
everyone else. Now, one thing I I will
say having just read some of the
coverage is that apparently the company
at some point did offer Elon shares in
the company, but he thought that there
was something kind of icky about it. Do
you remember this that
>> Yes. Because at at one point I said on
our show when this dispute started
happening but before it became a court
case I said look if Open AAI at a
certain point decided they had the wrong
structure they should just gone and done
a make right with Elon and he should
have been a shareholder on the cap
table. What I didn't know is that
apparently they did try to do something
like that but Elon turned it down
because he did want the entity to remain
a charitable entity. In other
>> had a principled view of it according to
the reports and was like no we're trying
to save humanity and then you're giving
this keys to the kingdom to Microsoft
that's all come out
>> and I I also have not talked to Elon
about any of this but my guess is like
most of these things there'll be some
sort of settlement or something here but
maybe he takes it to the mat who knows
Judge Rogers who's doing this
61-year-old Obama appointee politics has
played a role. Saxs, they have had to
tell the jury like however you feel
about these individuals politically,
whatever, please put that aside. But of
note is that she oversaw the Epic Games
versus Apple trial over App Store
exclusively ruled in favor of Apple with
some caveats um that they don't have a
monopoly, etc., etc. So, this is going
to be a really interesting one. And I
think the worst case scenario is open AI
for for OpenAI is they have to unravel
this somehow and that would delay the
IPO. That would cause chaos in
shareholders and I guess the best case
is some sort of settlement. And if Elon
put the first 40 or $50 million in, he's
he's due 10 20 30% of the company after
dilution.
All right, let's keep moving through the
docket. Lots more to discuss and uh good
luck to everybody in their lawsuit and
those of you betting on market all-in
summit selling up fast. Our fifth
edition Los Angeles September 13th to
15th. Go to allin.com/events
and uh speakers are going to be top
tier. Apparently Freeberg is having this
as his major creative outlet. I heard
some back channel chimoff today that
he's going to be doing Broadway musical
uh illusionist. tap. I got a tap dancing
situation.
>> He's literally going fullon entertainer.
This is going to be vaudeville sachs
wrapped up. He's just going to take it
to a whole new level. Musical numbers
>> like Nathan Lane.
>> I think if you're coding that it's going
to be his big gay summit. Yes, it could
be a big gay summit.
>> Might be our last year in LA, guys.
>> Why?
>> Not might be.
>> Might be. Oh, everybody wants to go to
Vegas apparently.
Those bones, baby. Can you imagine
leaving the summit for lunch and going
and playing crabs? Jimoth, we get a
fresh. Yes, I can. Yes, I can imagine.
>> I got some bricks. Oh, I got some bricks
right here. Let's go. Yum, yum.
>> That way Sachs can come.
>> Yeah, Sax is like, I'm never setting
foot in California, but I will.
You know, we're doing a couple live
events. Are you coming to them?
>> Liquidity or something different?
>> Liquidity. And then there's the the
all-in summit happens in September.
>> Yeah, I'm going to do those, too.
>> All right. Big tech smashed their
earnings on Thursday. Google, Microsoft,
Amazon, and Meta all reported. I don't
know why they do this on the same night,
folks, but they do. And performance was
spectacular. It was great. However, the
capex announcements were really the
story here. Let me just cue this up and
show the chart.
$725 billion in capex guidance in 2026
from but four companies. Amazon,
Microsoft, Google, and Meta. Amazon
leading the pack with 200 billion, 190
billion each for Microsoft and Google,
145 billion for Meta. You add Grock, you
add OpenAI and some other players to
these plans. And we haven't heard from
the new Apple CEO yet, but he's going to
be taking over. And he's going to have
some plans here. I'm sure we are going
to see the large a trillion dollars a
trillion dollars in buildout over the
next year. I don't know if this is even
possible, but this is all being driven
by AI and cloud computing. Google Cloud,
which includes the Google Suite, that
grew 63% year-onear.
Let that number sink in. 63% on 20
billion in revenue. That's in a quarter.
Microsoft cloud, that includes Azure,
Windows Server, SQL Server, they bundled
some things together there to get the
number to go up. Uh that grew 30% on
34.7 billion in revenue. Amazon Web
Services, the original cloud, that grew
28% on 37.6 billion in revenue. That's a
bit of a pure play. Just counts Amazon's
web services. Obviously, these are all
moving to NeoClouds. These are all
serving AI jobs and tokens now. They
have a massive customer base and the
customers from the smallest startups all
the way to the biggest frontier models
cannot get enough compute and it is
going to the bottom line. But this is
shrinking Chimath cash flow massively.
These were free cash flow machines, the
largest money printing machines in the
history of humanity. But they are giving
up on free cash flow, stock buybacks and
dividends and the focus on those three
to invest in infrastructure. Amazon's
free cash flow down 97%
Google, Microsoft and Meta down 12, 12
and 8% respectively. your thoughts on
this free cash flow, the end of the free
cash flow deluge and the massive massive
investment we're seeing in capex.
I think we're seeing a very important
structural shift in the capital markets.
I think the last 20 or 30 years, well 20
years, it's been that the mag 7 just
kind of ran away with it. that these big
companies got bigger and bigger and it
absorbed all of these investment dollars
and the biggest reason was that it had
these very assetike business models,
right? You just built some more software
and it just has all this leverage and it
all just kind of worked except maybe for
Amazon cuz they needed physical
infrastructure for warehouses and
delivery and whatnot. But by and large
it was a very asset light investment
cycle. Now all of a sudden the pendulum
is swinging violently in the other
direction. And there's something that I
think people misunderstand which is as
it moves back to these asset heavy
infrastructure investments.
The hyperscalers are signing checks that
I mean I suspect their body can cash but
there's a world in which they can't.
I'll give you an example. You know when
Microsoft convinced the owners of three
Mile Island to turn their
>> nuclear site back on?
>> Yeah.
>> Do you know what their Ford purchase
agreement was? It was for more than 2x
the prevailing spot rate for energy.
More than 2x. The problem is that's not
for an enormous percentage of their
overall energy needs.
So if you play that out and you think
these five or six companies all of a
sudden are not just spending Jason 700
billion a year of capex which they are
but then from an operating cash flow
they're going to be spending 2x the
prevailing spot rate because they just
want guaranteed demand into the future.
Where's all this cash going to go? It's
not going to go
to the shareholder and it's not going to
stay on the balance sheet. These
companies will now get levered. They're
going to get highly sophisticated around
the financial engineering. They'll have
more debt. They'll have all kinds of
different vehicles and term loans and
revolvers and all of this stuff.
And so, they're going to look like this
big bulky industrial business in five
years. And I'm not sure that there's a
good valuation case to be made at that
point.
And so I think it may be simpler and
this is what I tweeted to just follow
the dollars like a trillion dollars a
year going out of the hyperscalers.
Where is it going? Just follow those
dollars and buy those companies because
those companies are already underpriced.
This is uh obviously reminiscent of
something we all experienced. Uh Nick,
can you pull up the Cisco chart I just
sent you and put it at max? uh we had a
massive buildout of the infrastructure
of the internet in the late 1990s and
into 2000. And what that caused was a
lot of aggressive companies to do
massive amounts of spending, a lot of
retail investors to embrace these stocks
like we're seeing with people trying to
get into these private companies and
saxs. Look at the 2000 peak of Cisco.
This is the most extraordinary chart
ever. It took them 25 years to get back
to that peak and uh they had a lost two
decades and we had a massive amount of
fiber that wound up getting bought. We
talked about that a couple years ago on
the program. But there's something for
you to build off of here when you look
at this massive infrastructure. You
think it's going to be Cisco systems all
over again, World Warcom, etc.?
>> No, I really don't. The issue we had in
2000 was dark fiber. You had all this
infrastructure being built out and it
wasn't being used. There's no dark GPUs
today as you know Brad Gersonner likes
to say. So what's driving the capex now
is the voracious demand for compute for
tokens and the demand is now pulling
forward this additional um investment in
infrastructure. So I think what's
happened here is that the bull thesis
for AI just got validated in a single
afternoon. I mean again you got
Microsoft Azure, Google Cloud, Amazon
AWS, Meta, they're all basically
exceeding expectations, exceeding
guidance in terms of where their cloud
revenue would be and therefore how much
they're going to reinvest in capex this
year. I think we were supposed to have
660 billion of hyperscaler capex up from
350 last year. I think there's now the
new estimate is it's going to be over
700. So this is you know again it's more
than 2% of GDP. This is a huge tailwind
to GDP. There's another article saying
that I think in the last quarter
AI was 75% of GDP growth. And by the
way, this is just the capex part. This
is the physical infrastructure. This is
not the economic impact of the tokens
that are generated inside the token
factory. This is the building of the
factories. How do those tokens get used?
like we're seeing they're being used not
just to do research or to answer
questions but to create code. And so
we're seeing this explosion of
productivity in software development.
And we're seeing an explosion of bespoke
software being created and that's going
to accelerate every part of the economy.
Every business that now wants to get
code will be able to get code for the
first time. Before they couldn't even
hire the engineers, they needed to
generate it. Now they will be able to.
So that is a huge unlock of productivity
across the economy. Then you're getting
into these new use cases like the the
co-working use cases and agents, right?
So the the workflow automations that are
happening, it's still early. I don't
believe that this is going to replace
humans. We had that um in the past week,
we had that crazy case of an agent
deleting a production database in 9
seconds because because of a bug. Look,
what that said to me is that
>> it's not that agents aren't valuable.
They are valuable, but they have to be
supervised. You know, this idea that
you're just going to be able to like
automate all the jobs away. It is a
massive amount of handwaving over the
real technical problems and issues. The
agents have to be supervised. Someone
has to be accountable. It's not going to
be the CEO. The CEO doesn't want to be
accountable for thousands of agents. You
need people
>> despite what Jack had block said.
>> Yeah. Thousand direct reports is a great
like goal, but it's not realistic. Yeah,
>> you need IT people who are savvy who can
supervise this and make sure it's
working. They have to be accountable to
the CEO. Someone has to drive the
productivity. It's like Bology always
said, AI is not end to end is middle to
middle. You have to have someone to do
the prompting and you have to have
someone to do the validating and I would
add the supervision and accountability.
So anyway, the larger point though is
I'm speaking to the fact that I don't
think there's going to be this huge job
loss associated with this productivity
boom that we're going to get. And in
fact, I think what's actually happening
now is that AI is becoming synonymous
with the American economy. I mean, the
fact that it's generating 75% of GDP,
you have this capex explosion, this
energy explosion that feeds it, and
again, just the beginning of the
applications that are being unleashed by
these new token factories. I think it's
all a very, very positive thing. and all
these doomers who are trying to throw a
wet blanket on it or constantly scaring
the daylights out of people. I mean,
what do they want the American economy
to do? Just to stop I mean, they just
don't want any progress. I mean, like
again, you know, when you talk about
stopping AI or halting AI progress? What
you're really doing is stopping the
American economy now. You're basically
saying you don't want economic growth.
AI is now synonymous with the growth of
the American economy. And if there's no
economic growth, there's not gonna be
money to pay for all the social
programs. There's not gonna be money to
pay down the national debt. There's not
gonna be money to basically build up our
national defense. All these things we
want to spend money on. We have to have
a vibrant economy. And that is now
synonymous with AI. So I know that AI
may not be popular. I see those polls.
But having a strong economy is popular.
And I believe that those things are now
synonymous. It's almost like there was
some architect or ZAR who set up the
chessboard in the first year of this to
make sure that it was ultra competitive.
>> President Trump set the table on this.
>> Absolutely. With some good advice, I
think. Maybe.
>> Freeberg, your thoughts?
>> It's always good to have good advisors.
>> Always good to have good advisors.
Absolutely. Absolutely.
>> No, but look, I've said it before. The
president just wants America to win.
>> Literally, there are people who if we
were looking at this, you know, I don't
know, a hundred years ago, it'd be like
people were like, "Yeah, you know what?
we shouldn't build the highway system or
we half built the highway system. Let's
stop let's stop building the highways.
>> No, the highway system was funded by the
federal government. There was no
competition. It was the most expensive
on a on a inflationadjusted basis. I
think it was the most expensive project
in US history.
>> Yeah. And the railroads before that like
you can't stop these things. They have
to keep going. It's interesting point
you know there is so much demand for the
resource of tokens of intelligence
freeberg and it's quite different than
the fiber situation as Sax correctly
points out where we built all this but
we didn't actually have an application
here the application is pretty um pretty
wellnown and you've got a large number
of people in businesses who are trying
to vibe code their way to success trying
to push this stuff and we had an
interesting story referenced earlier in
the show
where
uh Claude ate somebody's homework. This
is the nightmare of all nightmares.
Somebody was vibe coding. Uh it was the
founder of Pocket OS. Apparently, they
make software for rental car companies.
He was using Opus 4.6 through Cursor's
AI platform, their coding platform, and
uh you know, which is like the most
expensive tier. Uh and he said he
configured it with enough safety rules,
but the agent was working on a routine
task. They saw some sort of credentiing
mismatch and they decided to fix the
mismatch by deleting a railway volume
without user confirmation and uh they
pushed the code from a repo to a live
app and they deleted everything
including the backups. Literally a scene
from Silicon Valley's HBO clip of Son of
Anton. Hilarious.
>> You gave your AI permission to overwrite
code in the internal file system. Were
you going to tell me about this? No, I
thought that was the company policy
these days.
>> Okay, well, your AI just failed
epically.
>> That's unclear.
>> It's possible the Son of Anton decided
that the most efficient way to get rid
of all the bugs was to get rid of all
the software, which is technically and
statistically correct. But artificial
neural nets are sort of a black box. So,
we'll never know for sure.
>> How did they get that so right, Zach?
Five or six years ago, art and neural
networks are a black box. So, I guess
we'll never know. But technically, it
was correct. Freeberg, when you blow up
a hollow system with your vibe coding,
which you were absolutely showing off in
front of Jensen a couple of weeks ago
about how much code you're pushing, who
are you going to blame? You going to
take responsibility yourself? Are you
going to blame Cla Claude or Kurser? Who
are you going to blame when you blow up
the entire stack over at Ohio?
>> Who you blame?
>> Yeah, I'll blame Dario.
>> You blame Dario. Okay, that's what I
thought. That's a correct answer.
Correct answer. Blame Daario. He's the
one who says it's a doomsday machine.
Uh, come on the prodio.
17th invitio.
>> I mean, I've invited the guy like 17
times. He is totally going to me. He
wants nothing to do with this podcast.
>> Actually, let me speak to that. So, I
think I think that um there's maybe a
misperception that this error occurred
because of, you know, quote unquote AI
scheming,
>> like kind of in that video that the AI
decided that the best way to get rid of
bugs is to basically eliminate the
codebase. This is kind of like the, you
know, AI is going to turn the world into
paper clips type thing where somehow
it'll like miss scheme. That's not
really what happened here. This is a
case of just a of old-fashioned bugs
occurring at an edge case. You know,
you've got the fact that this API was
not designed for permissioned usage.
You've got the fact that a credential
was left kind of lying around. Probably
it should not be. There's kind of like a
perfect storm that caused the AI to do
something or the agent to do something
that didn't quite understand it was what
it was doing. I think that if there is a
systemic problem here rather than just
kind of a like a random edge case is
that AI still doesn't know what it
doesn't know. You know, like a human
would stop before deleting a production
database and just say, "Oh, I'm about to
do something like really serious, really
destructive. Am I sure I want to do
this?" You know, and a human would have
stopped and said, "Oh, wait a second.
like I need to be more confident in what
I'm doing before I take that action. And
AI still has this issue where again it
can be kind of overcon. This is where
like the hallucinations come from is it
doesn't know when it should have a low
confidence in its output, right? But
this is why it has to be supervised. You
know, the longer the time horizon for a
task, the more likely it is to go off
the rails.
>> And a drift. Exactly. And this is why I
think people are starting to realize
that this idea of eliminating all
software developers was the peak of
inflated expectations. Yes.
>> Right. There was actually a really good
tweet on this by Aaron Levy who's got
the right take on this. Aaron retweeted
Matthew Glacius who sort of sardonically
tweeted that 5 months in I think I've
decided I don't want to vibe code. I
want professionally managed software
companies to use AI coding assistants to
make more better, cheaper software
products that they sell to me for money.
>> Just lower your prices. Don't make me
vibe code is the translation.
>> Yeah. I mean, I think like rare win for
for Madaglacius there. Anyway, Aaron
Levy then says
Agent Coding is a huge win for software
developers that want to get more done
and it's fantastic for anyone curious to
learn how to start coding. What it's
less great for is casually building
complex software that you have to
maintain on an ongoing basis and take
all the risk for upgrades, maintenance,
keeping up to date with latest security
issues, you know, the bugs, cyber, those
are taxes on most knowledge workers who
aren't familiar with the system.
>> It's not a tax. It's a huge risk.
>> Yes, it's a risk has to be managed if
you don't. People will get fired because
there will be some public companies
where some goofball tries to vibe code
their way out of something and they're
going to torch the enterprise value.
It's going to be glorious to watch
because we're all going to laugh and
realize that was stupid and should never
have happened in the first place.
>> Yeah. I mean, it's there is a chance
that this improves to the point passes
trial of disillusionment and becomes
super productive and you'll be able to
get an agent to do reasonable things
without deleting your data set. But we
have a way to go. Here is your, you
know, this is the tech adoption chart.
Basically, you got a technology gets
triggered. You have the trial, you have
this peak of inflated expectations. You
go into the trial of disillusionment and
then the slope of enlightenment invest
and eventually it becomes deer and it's
an opportunity. Hey, uh, Freedberg,
you have become reddit tide curious. You
have and also
>> tell me tell me about rea cuz I want it.
I want to get on it. M
>> I want to use it and I need you to tell
Nat that it's okay for me to take it.
>> I I have a friend who has some advice as
well.
>> Freeberg, the coverage is coming out of
this phase three clinical trial data
release that Lily put out last month. So
everyone's going crazy over the data
which continues to show pretty amazing
results. So unlike trazepatide which is
kind of Lily's main
product today, it's a which is a dual
agonist. It's got two peptides in it
that that bind to different receptors,
the GLP1, the GIP receptor. This other
one now also binds to glucagon, which is
a third receptor. And that glucagon
receptor binding peptide causes the
cells to increase their metabolism,
which actually accelerates fat energy
consumption
over what would typically be muscle
energy consumption. It's more likely to
burn up fat early on, which causes more
quick fat loss, but also reduces muscle
loss. And some of the other data that's
now coming out shows non-HDL cholesterol
down 27%, triglycerides down 41%.
>> Liver fat down 80% to
>> 80% reduction of liver fat. A1C drops
from 7.9% to 6% in 40 weeks, which is
amazing, by the way. If you're diabetic
and your A1C drops that much in a couple
of months, it's literally a life-saving
product. The average user in this phase
3 trial saw their weight decline from
214 pounds. They lost 37 pounds. That's
compared to six pounds on placebo
in 40 weeks. And you know, modest side
effects. 20% people felt more nauseous
than the people that were on the
placebo. There's a lot of other separate
studies that are being done now that are
showing significant reductions in
inflammatory signaling molecules. So
systemic signaling of like hey cells are
in distress triggers this kind of
inflammatory process that can have a lot
of other damage to your body can
accelerate aging. And so one of the
other conversations is that retride
might actually be kind of a deaging drug
as well.
Hercules, Hercules, Hercules,
you know, and a lot of the studies, by
the way, are done on the the the very
high dose, 12 milligram dose, but you
could probably get this thing dosed down
to 2 milligrams and still see a lot of
the anti-inflammatory
maintenance and other benefits. I'm no
doctor, but people are going nuts over
this being more widely useful than just
for clinical obesity or type when the
FDA when's the projected date for
>> 2027. Mid 27.
>> That's what they're saying. Could happen
sooner. I mean, the data is in the, you
know, the FDA will take their time to
evaluate it, but I think given the way
this is all looking,
>> could happen sooner, could happen
sometime later this year. Swim Chimath
Swim said it's incredible and that uh
it's living up to the hype in their
experience.
>> Who?
>> Swim.
>> What is that? What is that?
>> Someone who isn't me. Swim.
>> Oh,
>> this is a Reddit term. Someone who isn't
me said who has a guy swim has a guy and
has cycled on reddatride and does
push-ups and says muscle gain has been
spectacular
no muscle loss and a lowering of fat.
>> If you go on X and you just search up
rea
>> Mhm.
>> it's like incredible. You see these like
65 year old guys that go from a dadbod
to looking like an incredibly ripped
athlete in weeks. And and I
I mean I'm shocked. And then for me I
don't need that help per se, but my
liver health is important to me. My
cardiac health because I'm South Asian
and it just looks like a wonder drug. I
can't wait. When you starve your body,
when you turn off the the appetite,
which is the GLP-1 agonist function,
normally your body goes into this kind
of mode of starvation and you have this
process by which your body tries to
generate energy from your existing
cells. And because muscle is much denser
than fat, you can have a favoring of
muscle tissue being kind of broken up
over fat tissue. But what this new
agonist, this glucagon agonist that they
put into this neutrutide
is it favors fat burning over muscle
burning. And so that actually can drive
short-term use at low dose for people to
cut weight and maintain muscle and get
ripped. And so that's why a lot of
people in the kind of fitness community
are talking about, hey, I want to get
access to this and get on it for a
while. So you'll see a lot more hype
probably in that community as well as
the all the health effects. It just
feels like we're about to have an
absolute avalanche of peptides to choose
from.
>> On November of 2025, Lily cut a deal
with the Trump administration. I saw
this to drop the price on Drespatide
pretty significantly. I think it's like
50 bucks on Medicare.
>> 50 bucks from Medicare. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Which is a pretty cheap price
point, but it starts to make sense as
you think about the portfolio of Lily
products. You get Tzepide for 50 bucks,
but if you want to upgrade, get the
Retatride. That's the high premium
product and that's where they're going
to start the Mercedes to the Honda. I'm
sure if I'm Lily and I'm sitting there
and I'm looking at this data coming out,
I'm like, "My god, people will pay for
this and that starts to become sort of
like the upgrade to the BMW or the Model
S plat if you will."
>> Yeah. The Trappetide is like the one
bedroomedroom messy bed hotel room
>> and the other one's the sweetide
is like the twobedroom suite.
>> Well, you can also, by the way, you guys
know I'm a spokesman for Row. They also
have the Waggoi pill uh row.co/twist
cotwist uh to get your
>> Wait, are you a paid talking about Are
you a paid What are you talking about?
We're putting Charles Barkley and
>> we're not having sales team
and then you come over on Allin and you
start promoting.
>> No, no, no, no. Trust me, we'll get one
of those as well. We'll get a row.
Sponsorship here.
>> What was the ro pill that you had me
get? What was it called?
>> Oh, sparks. Sparks. Sparks. Did you take
it?
>> I have taken it and now
>> Amore please. No, not
>> maybe just a half of a lousy.
>> I want to hear the story. I want to hear
the story. Go.
>> It's so out of control.
>> I told what I told you.
>> So then what happens is Nat and I are
like, you can't you can't just randomly
use it. It's scheduled. We discuss it.
We put it on the calendar.
>> You need a plan.
>> You need a plan. Can't go in
>> because otherwise otherwise it's too
much. You just can't randomly take it.
>> What do you mean?
>> It's going to be a sesh.
>> It's a whole thing, man. It's like I
don't have the energy for that.
>> It's an extended session. You you have
to be well rested. This don't do this at
1:00 a.m. This is like a 10 p.m. This is
like a No, this is more like a This is
more like on vacation, you know, like
>> 10:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m., you know, to
noon, you know, you got to really
>> you got to really schedule it.
>> Schedule it because kids around
>> otherwise it's got to be empty.
>> Otherwise, it's unfair to her and it's
just a li it's a lie. Put it out.
>> It's a It's a big commitment literally.
>> You You look embarrassed, Jim. Do you
feel embarrassed talking about it? It's
just a lot, man. It's like It's a lot to
handle. It's a lot.
>> It's If you want to get the extra 20% in
your performance,
>> it's a lot, bro.
>> It's a lot. It's basically over time.
>> What happened? What happened was I was
like, "Oh, what is this thing?" Jason's
like, "Dude, you must get it. You must
get it." So, we got it. We tried it and
>> we were like, "What the was that?" And
so, then I've been trying to bleed the
pills out. So, I gave some to Stant
Tang. I'm like, "Stanley, you try it."
Literally, he's dealing them like cards
>> but when we're having poker dinner, I'm
like, does anybody want to try these
things? But these what is it? Rose
sparks. Is that rose sparks? Shout out
to my friends out. All right, let's keep
moving here. Freedberg, guys. Friedberg
had his own personal Super Bowl. You see
me getting ready for Nick's playoff
season. I get my courtside. Freeberg had
the equivalence acts. He went to the
Supreme Court in order to hear them talk
about chemicals. This was a big deal for
him. The Supreme Court coming together.
Did you wear it? Yes. The Monsanto trial
happened in the Supreme Court and he
went he got courtside. He went to the
Supreme Court and listened in the
building. Have you guys ever seen a live
Supreme Court hearing?
>> No. I'd love to.
>> I'd love to. Tax, have you been?
>> No, I haven't actually.
>> I mean, honest honestly, I think it was
one of the most amazing experiences I've
ever had. There was a massive protest
out front. We went through the
marshall's office to get in. And that
building, you walk in, it's like sacred.
It's all marble. It's you're not allowed
to talk. You have to be super quiet when
you're in the building. Like they keep
going like you're in some quiet library.
It's like people treat it with this
level of kind of sanctity that that and
respect. And they're like, there is no
politics here. There is no [__]
There is no freedom of speech. This is
the court. When you come into this
court, the justices tell you how you
will speak, how you will behave, what
you will do, and you will not speak
unless spoken to. You put all your stuff
in a locker, you go up the stairs, you
go into the the courtroom. And the
courtroom, it's just so amazing being in
there. They have this amazing marble
freeze above the justices that has some
of the great people of human history,
Moses and these kind of amazing
historical figures. And then below them
are the nine justices and the court
case. If you guys haven't watched the
case, you can listen to them, I think,
online. on you. Is it worth listening
to?
>> Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. I have a
question. So,
>> does Robert sit in the middle cuz he's a
chief? Yes.
>> And then do all of the right justices
sit on the right?
>> No, they're mixed. So, they're I think I
don't know I don't know the exact
seating, but they're mixed in terms on
appointments of the court. Is
>> that right? I think that's right. And
then so yeah, that's right. And then it
kind of goes out from the middle with
Roberts in the middle. Roberts
occasionally will name the justices and
say, "Hey, do you have a question? Do
you have a question?" if no one's
talking, but otherwise the justices will
jump in with their questions when they
want and they'll ask. Now, honest to
God, watching this is like watching
LeBron James play basketball. These
lawyers are so mind-blowingly impressive
on both sides that you would just like
sit there and I was like in awe. It was
so I I felt like my energy was
completely sapped from me at the end of
this process because you were just so
engaged and so caught into the way that
these guys are thinking and talking.
>> Did you take a rose sparks? Did you take
a rose sparks when you were there?
>> No. And if you're familiar if you're
familiar enough with the case or the
case history or the law that's being
debated because again when when you get
to the Supreme Court, you never debate
the case. What you're debating is the
legal interpretation of the the
decisions that were made on the case.
And so is this constitutional? How do
you interpret this particular act, this
law, this federal law? What's the right
way to think about it? So you don't
actually talk about the case. You talk
about the interpretation of American
law,
of our laws, of our constitution, of the
global.
>> You're saying the facts have already
been determined.
>> That's right.
>> Right. At a lower court, there's
questions of fact and questions of law.
>> The facts have already been determined
by the lower court. It's just Supreme
Court is ruling on questions of law.
>> That's right. And so they have a full
briefing with the full history of the
case. And remember, they only hear two
cases a day. So they're one hour each
for each hearing.
>> So you go in and they only do it Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday on the last two
weeks. and they only hear cases from
October to April. There's only a handful
of cases that are selected.
>> Wow. So you're really on a shock clock
then to make
>> you're on a shot clock and you only have
and it's 30 minutes aside and then the
justices will ask question.
>> So this was Monsanto and Roundup, right?
So what was the law that was being
debated
>> for yours? The regulatory body, the EPA
sets the label for pesticides. Does this
cause cancer or not? What are the
warnings? This can be damaging for birth
defects, pregnancy, all the things that
we're all used to seeing on labels. when
you buy a product, a chemical product
and the EPA and their regulatory
authority determined that Roundup does
not cause cancer. When you sell a
pesticide, you first have to register it
with the EPA, get it approved, and then
the EPA gives you a label. And the label
is written by the EPA. It says exactly
what you're supposed to say. And in this
case, it said all this stuff doesn't say
cancer because they determined it does
not cause cancer. And I'm not going to
debate whether or not it causes cancer,
but that's the case that was made is
that the EPA is the regulatory body
under a federal act called FIFRA,
fungicide, insecttoide or denicide act.
And that's where the EPA is given their
regulatory authority to put the label on
these products. And all of the cases
that have been lost have been state
failure to warn cases. To date, Bayer,
which now owns Monsanto, has paid out
$10 billion in these lawsuits, and they
have reserved 10 billion on their
balance sheet. They have 90,000 cases
still outstanding in the courts. 90,000.
>> Wow.
>> And so, this one case got kind of
appealed up to the Supreme Court. Last
year, the White House solicitor general,
and if the solicitor general steps up
and asks the Supreme Court to take a
case, it's more likely the case gets
taken. So, the White House said, "Please
take this case. We need to have federal
preeemption, meaning the federal
government has the right to set the
label because all of the cases that have
been lost and that are being adjudicated
are in state courts where the state has
a law like in California called a
failure to warn law, which means if a
manufacturer knows that a product
carries a risk, you have to warn the
consumer. And so the the lawyers have
been arguing that Monsanto or Bayer knew
that this product caused cancer and
didn't warn the consumer. And they've
been winning cases. they've been losing
cases, but they've won enough cases that
this has now become a multi-dea billion
dollar problem. And so the argument is
that the EPA says it doesn't cause
cancer and they have federal
preeemption. So the EPA has the right to
determine. So that's the one argument.
But then when the other attorney came
up, this guy was like literally like
watching LeBron James. And so going in,
we're like, "Oh, 63 Bayer's going to
win." And then the other guy comes up
and he was like, "Well, hey, you guys
overturned the Chevron doctrine last
year. You guys remember that case?
>> Yeah. Where basically when the Chevron
doctrine got overturned, it basically
said that no longer
>> does the federal agency get to decide it
has to be a direct reading of the law.
>> Duh. So now, so he's saying like the
states should have a right to read the
law themselves. They shouldn't have to
just defer to the EPA. And that's what
this will come down to. So at the end of
it, we were like, "Oh my god, this could
be a 50/50 coin flip, 54 either way."
And going into it, we were kind of like
trying to say, "Hey, maybe this could be
63." So honestly, the whole experience
was incredible. The case is interesting.
>> These are very complicated matters. How
are these people able to make a
wholesome argument in like one side gets
30 minutes, the other side gets 30
minutes, there's a little Q&A, and then
you're done in an hour.
>> There's this whole art and science and
Sax, you're probably familiar with this
on how do you distill down a Supreme
Court case in the briefing dock? Like
what is it you're petitioning around the
court? and you try and distill it down
to the exact legal interpretation you
want the judges to rule on, not all the
other [__]
>> And this is oral arguments. Yes.
>> Oral arguments, just a discussion. And
then the judges jump in and all they're
doing is asking the lawyer questions,
one lawyer at a time, the one side and
then the other side. And by the way, the
solicitor general came up in the middle
and kind of made a few comments and they
asked her some questions from the White
House and she sat down and then the two
sides kind of went back and forth and
and they just it's like 30 minutes Q&A
each on that one specific legal question
and Katanji Brown Jackson said, "But
what if after the EPA issued the label,
they found out information that it does
cause cancer? Shouldn't they update the
label?" And he's saying, "Well, no,
they're not allowed to. They can only
issue the label the EPA says." And he
says also and it's it's a criminal case
if they find out that it does cause
cancer and they don't report it to the
EPA and then she's saying well what if
the EPA doesn't act and shouldn't the
states have a right to protect their
people? So those are the legal
arguments, the discussions that are
going on in all of this. And there's
interesting implications which is
fundamentally if the states get to
interpret federal law and ignore federal
regulatory bodies, it opens up a whole
new can of worms in terms of like all
the states can start to ignore federal
regula regulatory bodies like the EPA or
the FDA or the USDA or and on and on and
on. So the whole case has a whole bunch
of really interesting implications wound
up in it. when you hear these guys and
they're just talking chimat about that
exact like interpretation of the law and
that's what this comes down to. It's not
the actual case that matters
>> and after the sachs they oral arguments
and then they have like a private
conference where they'll write their
papers and give their final judgment.
Yeah.
>> Saxs.
>> Yeah. Yeah, I think what happens is that
so I guess there's some discussion that
happens behind closed doors and they
figure out where the majority is and
then the chief gets to assign who writes
the opinion for the majority
>> in that meeting nobody is allowed in and
in fact you have a double door system
where like if anything needs to come in
and out you have to like kind of like
knock on the door you're led into this
anti chamber then
>> oh is it an airlock is an airlock
>> it's effectively we I had I don't know
if you were there Jason but we had Ted
Cruz come to play in the poker game
>> uh And Ted Cruz clerked for William
Ranquist and if you want to have an
incredible dinner, ask him about the
Supreme Court and Bill Ranquist. He's a
real student of the Supreme Court and it
just makes the Supreme Court free to
your point sound like the most
incredible body that's ever been created
anywhere. By the way, more than the
White House, more than the Capital
Building, more than any of these other
big agencies, this place has it's almost
like being in England, it has these kind
of ways that people operate. The the the
security is so different. They kind of
stand there in the court and they all
exchange places every 20 minutes. It's
very coordinated. They're dressed very
differently than any other
>> courtroom listening.
>> Maybe like 150, I would say. How do you
take it? Are they on
>> I actually think everyone is a guest of
a clerk or someone that works at the
court. I don't think that it's like very
publicly available to get in there.
>> You can't line up. There's no lineup.
>> There's I don't know if there's a
lineup. Um this was a connection through
we got in through the chief justice. Um
he gave us the pass, but I think it was
like very um
>> I think at the Elon versus Open AI case
there's you can line up and then the
judge gave like 30 tickets to the press
court. No, no. Yeah, but I think there's
a lineup for the Supreme Court as well.
There's some public access that they're
>> It did not look like anyone from the
public was in this court. Everyone,
everyone is dressed respectfully. I
mean, this court has an incredible
amount of like,
>> you know, cool experience.
>> I would I would just say uh enjoy it
while you can. I mean, I think the
Supreme Court is one of the last highly
functional institutions in the United
States. And%
>> you know at some point we're going to
have like 13 or 21 or some crazy number
of justices up there
and get jersey
after justices there and so enjoy it
while it's still
>> in the current in the current form it's
in.
>> Can you imagine showing up with jerseys
with the justices names on them and like
having sections and like somebody
selling cracker jacks
>> theocracy version of the Supreme Court
>> version. Exactly.
>> The popularity of the court really
depends on whether it's issuing
decisions that people agree with. That's
what it comes down to. If like if you
ask people whether they like the Supreme
Court or not, it really just depends on
whether they agree with the decisions
are recency as opposed to
>> the process of the decisions and how
well argued it is and all these things
that you're pointing to. And actually
the the court I mean I just checked the
numbers. The court is relatively popular
right now. I think that it got as low as
35% in the 2024 Gallup survey, but I
think it's back up to, you know, like 44
to 50% favorability, which for something
that's involved in politics is
relatively high, right? Like you look at
Congress or
>> any particular politician, they're going
to be lower than that typically. I just
felt so assured of like the institution
when I visited and saw these guys
interact and behave and how they behave
the process. It was like
>> man this what an amazing country. Yeah.
>> Well, the reason I say what I say is
there was an interview with James
Carville recently. Did you guys see
this? He saidaw he said look when we get
power we're packing the court.
>> So we're not even going to we're not
going to worry about it.
>> And we're going to get to 13, right? He
said we're going to make
>> I think Yeah. They're going to go from 9
to 13 and then they're going to create
some new states and all the rest of it.
So that'll be that.
>> Uh
>> enjoy enjoy while it last. Enjoy.
>> Enjoy while it lasts.
>> Uh by the way,
>> end on a high note.
>> Wait. Yeah. It's the end of the empire.
That'll be that.
>> By the way, there is uh a Supreme Court
on I was correct. There is an online
ticketing lottery. So we can all sign up
and you can get a fourack of tickets. I
think they should make this I we should
talk to Howard Lutnik. Maybe he can make
this an auction. We get a revenue stream
from the US. We could sell like 10 of
the tickets as courtside seats for 20
grand.
>> Jason, you're exactly what they're
trying to protect against.
>> Exactly. Like, how can we how do we
monetize the Supreme Court?
>> All right, everybody. That's it. That's
the world's greatest podcast for you for
Chimoth Poly Hatia, David Freeberg, and
David Saxs. I am the world's greatest
moderator. We'll see you chief justice.
>> I'm like the chief justice of the allin
podcast.
We'll let your winners ride.
>> Rainman David
and it said we open sourced it to the
fans and they've just gone crazy with
it.
>> Love you queen of
winners.
>> Besties are gone.
>> That is my dog taking a driveway.
>> Oh man. My habitasher will meet.
>> We should all just get a room and just
have one big huge orgy cuz they're all
just useless. It's like this like sexual
tension that you just need to release
somehow.
>> Your feet.
We need to get Mercury's already.
I'm going all in.